ya know all right you did it
all right guys we're here lift more
Fitness attempting to flip this infamous
1000 pound tired he's a special kind of
person I can't even get you in the
view of that but um yeah whenever you're
ready not to get hurt you get out and
flip it this is why he signed the waiver
right all right look at the thickness of
the saira pluse it's about what five
foot nine fire I say it just fell we can
have 58 c 12 ok yeah good good yeah
right there looks good all right you did
it what hey I write it one more time all
right like oh you're only first and
I got the camera going
come on brown
up nine me hey me get the knee under
come on get the knee there you go that's
it one man wrecking cars that are very
surprised right yeah I don't frame legs
yeah I'm Justin arms what come on I
can't get my hands on it see I was
bigger and that's why I come on Evan was
your longest quiet but
I saw that how you got your fingers
underneath it I told it cuz i got bigger
hands and it was like looking at georgia
Mike up come on o nee nee right there
right there higher get higher the hip ha
ha oh there you go I'll do it again good
again I'll tell you that was the try
spot me I couldn't get any of the first
news so he got it oh god it just takes
motivation
hey
there you go come up
all right mostly will officially be it
will be the only man to flip this five
times okay well you can double flip it
there you go come on
there you go that's number four one more
come on you got this Lane come on come
on you got it he's an animal a
thousand-pound tire for the fifth time
savage